c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\Plattform.exe
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\Plattform.pdb
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\obj\x86\Debug\Plattformkod.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\obj\x86\Debug\Plattform.exe
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\obj\x86\Debug\Plattform.pdb
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Enemy.png
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player.png
c:\users\spellabbet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\Player.cs
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\obj\x86\Debug\Plattform.exe
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\obj\x86\Debug\Plattform.pdb
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Enemy.png
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player.png
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\Player.cs
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\Plattform.exe
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\Plattform.pdb
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Felix\Documents\GitHub\Group-2\Plattform\Plattform\obj\x86\Debug\Plattformkod.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
